Sunday the 11th of December that's going
to be not a very good day for you the
emotional planets are not very steady
they make you very changeable very moody
very over sensitive and you don't fit
into a theme somehow
so you'll have to be careful that you're
isolating yourself with all your plans
in the morning and afternoon
so why don't you turn things around to
become more practical
and that way you will see that being
part of a team would be good
it can be sometimes that you don't fit
into the company that's there well then
leave the company go find somebody else
don't have to suffer because of that
but the changeability in you can be very
annoying to other people
what you start you won't finish after
you change your halfway you will change
that so try to stick to what your plans
are or what the plans of other people is
stick to it and that would be better for
you some emotional areas are going to be
under stress
and that stress can lead to problems in
the emotional side of your life
you have to be also careful in the
evening Nightfall because the same
planners will follow you there but
luckily for you there are two of your
wonderful good planners there as well
these planets are the planets of
unexpected goodness
so you could meet very interesting
people that you can make use of or enjoy
their company at least you could meet
people like that in the evening night
for you can use these people their
energy for the job Improvement for the
business Improvement and anywhere to
improve your life
so for the sake of that I would say why
don't you go out in the evening I fall
the emotional planners on their own are
very lazy there's still not very much
keen and they are also neither here nor
there so fix a plan to be with people
who can help you and that will get you
something going in the evening lightful
Monday the 12th of December
this is not a good day because the
planets make you dominating they make
you stubborn and they make you want to
control people
so avoid doing that where you work or
where you do business or whether at home
or whether anywhere try to be negotiable
try to be flexible that way you will
control these planets in the morning
afternoon and that way you'll work along
with people and they will like to work
along with you show this back to your
bosses and in business show respect to
the majority of people who are doing
business with you because this
domination tactics will not go down very
well simply because they are not your
positive planners
evening and Nightfall many of these
planets follow you but luckily there are
some of your wonderful planners there as
well the planets of creativity the
planets of good luck
being able to be on the same wavelength
with people and to be able to fit it
with any kinds of plans that people make
you will still tend to be dominating you
will stand still tend to be done to be
stubborn but maybe a bit less in the
evening night floor
so lessen that area and improve the area
of your creativity and being on the same
wavelength as people you can use these
good energies for anything chasing for
the romance making a deal business-wise
meeting people to get a better job
anything
all you need to do is don't Dominate and
don't want to control
Tuesday the 13th of December now this is
a very lucky day for you the planets of
goodness the planets of unexpected
favors the planets of unexpected good
luck are all day in the morning
afternoon so you're going to get
wonderful news one way or another if
it's a job maybe a promotion more money
if it's a business some wonderful
unexpected contracts
and if it's a love story then you could
meet somebody unexpectedly to spark off
something wonderful if it's family then
you'll have wonderful luck together
because these are the plans of good luck
more than that they bring unexpected
good luck making it a very exciting
morning afternoon
evening and Nightfall these planners
follow you how wonderful they are all
short-term planners which means they
bring good luck very very fast go buy a
lottery ticket in the morning afternoon
or in the evening and you will may just
see that the good luck could come in
many many different ways and also their
long-term planners in the evening
Nightfall so you've got long-term good
planets you've got short-term good
blenders what a wonderful day you may
meet people to make wonderful contacts
on a long-term basis whether the
emotional side the job side the money
side the business side so go out by all
means in the evening night for plan it
carefully with who you want to be
something is going to spark off for
making a great bonding together with
people
Wednesday the 14th of December very fast
planets are there and every one of them
is good except for one planet of ego
this one is coming and going at
different hours of the day making you
egoistic making you oversensitive to
what people say making you criticize
other people making you want to be the
leader all for the wrong reasons so you
don't want to do anything of this soil
because you'll only drive people away
from you I like your money planners very
well
I like your money planners very much in
the morning afternoon what you say what
you do can make you money
whether a job whether in business
whether any financial situation
Financial speculation is a good idea on
this Wednesday 14th of December morning
afternoon
your speech and your actions are going
to be wonderful so say a lot do a lot
speak to your bosses if you have a job
speak to a business community and
partners if you have a business
communicate communicate Community ask
favors and you'll have a wonderful good
result in the morning afternoon
because you'll find that your speech and
your actions can sway people through
your way of thinking this same wonderful
planners follow you to the evening
Nightfall and you can have a wonderful
plan to be with people where money is
concerned to be made
and you'll be able to sway them to your
way of thinking during the evening
Nightfall there are few more planets of
arrogance and ego quieten them down by
trying to be on the same wavelength with
everybody throughout the whole day and
you're quieting down your ego planets
they are the only stumbling block
Thursday Thursday
the 15th of December what a wonderful
Lucky Day Waits For You
morning and afternoon your creative
planets and the way you can sway people
with your words
and that wonderful chances of winning a
promotion and stepping up to the stage
of success is all waiting to happen in
the morning afternoon it's all up to you
wear your best colors you will know that
if you've been to see me for a 90-minute
session colors are very powerful
so if you can wear your best colors and
you'll see that you'll be sought out to
be promoted in a job more money in a job
in business winning wonderful unexpected
good contracts as well
and that is going to give you a chance
to do something on a very special stage
in the morning afternoon
these planets follow you to the evening
night for making you also very very
lucky
you'll have the chance Beyond creativity
of being able to conjure plans and
schemes for people
and they will be listening to you very
carefully
there's one planet in the evening night
then there's one planet in the evening
Nightfall that tends to make you
dominating and one control so whether in
the Love Story whether in the business
story where in the Friendship story
don't want to dominate don't want to
control in the evening night fool how do
you do that by being negotiable that's
how you do that and being flexible as
well that way you'll have the whole day
the whole night to have a wonderful time
Friday
Friday the 16th of December is a nasty
day firstly where finances are concerned
the insecurity is that so job is at risk
Investments are at risk don't listen to
people's ideas of giving you that tip
and adaptive you're going to lose your
pants if you're not careful in the
morning afternoon
nothing is stable
so watch out where you work don't say
the wrong thing and try to harmonize
with everybody especially your bosses in
business don't sign on the dotted line
you don't want to sign any contracts or
agree to anything the whole day
including the night as well because
everything that can go wrong wants to go
wrong accidents are included accidents
can be physical they can be verbal they
can be health-wise so so many things
want to go wrong in the morning
afternoon what can you do about it well
you're going to be blamed that's what's
going to happen so make sure your
responsibilities are covered very nicely
don't delegate your duties it's going to
go wrong somebody else will get but get
it all wrong and you'll get the blame so
just fix yourself to say my
responsibilities morning afternoon let
me do that first before anything else
you can be bonding with bad people so
don't be the company of people lunch
time who drink too much that's a bonding
with bad people or other habits as well
evening and Nightfall these nasty
planners follow you
I would say don't even bother going out
but there's one planet there who wants
to give you some good news and that good
news is more on the friendly business
side
it may be a wonderful tip to improve
your job or improve your business so for
that sake maybe go out but drive very
carefully drive very slowly and leave
that place early as you can after
meeting this person or you feel that you
rather not go out at all I prefer that
because nothing seems to want to work
for you Friday the 16th of December only
to harm you
Saturday the 17th of December this is a
much better day but planets are moving
very slow and you get frustrated with
the slowness of things
but tell yourself these slow planets are
going to bond going to help to bond me
with the correct people this time
so there's a meeting of people in the
morning afternoon there could be already
you know them or you from your past or
there could be brand new people
try to see how you can create the
bonding and you will see the long-term
planets will make you very secure
because the bonding will take place
short-term planners will produce very
good results because of the bonding so
there's a bonding with people all the
ideas or their contexts the same thing
happens in the evening Nightfall so plan
your evening night fold to build up your
context for what's important for you
there's one nasty planet in the evening
night for the planet who wants to make
you secretive
which means you have to hide to do
things well don't go there and also the
planet of
what's the word depending on things like
drugs or cigarettes or all these kind of
nasty things avoid people like who drink
too much for example so avoid such a
company and you will let your good
planners do wonderful things for you in
the evening Nightfall as well
hour by hour the evening Nightfall lays
out a platform for you it's all up to
you to choose the company carefully
that's all and you will score many
wonderful points
